docs: update docs related to integrations (#66)
deepcrawl/automator-sdk: docs/jira-integrations.md

# JIRA Integrations

---

> A test suite can be integrated with JIRA, in order to get notified if a test fails or warns. In order to use JIRA Integration, you first need to created a JIRA Authentication, than use that authentication in order to create a JIRA Integration and than connect that JIRA Integration to a test suite.

Reviewer: Couple of typos:
```suggestion
A test suite can be integrated with JIRA, in order to get notified if a test fails or warns. In order to use JIRA Integration, you first need to create a JIRA Authentication, then use that authentication in order to create a JIRA Integration and then connect that JIRA Integration to a test suite.
```

A JIRA Authentication consists of: a name, the JIRA Cloud ID, the JIRA url and the JIRA refresh token (obtained after authorizing the app).

A JIRA Integration consists of: a name, the created JIRA authentication id, the JIRA project id and the JIRA issue type id.

> !> A test suite can only be linked to a JIRA integration at a time.

Reviewer: not sure this line makes sense - do you mean to say that only one test suite can be linked at a time?
